health = 25.0

collisionType = NpcShip

mainSkeleton.source = verticalskeleton.txt
mainSkeleton.collisionType = NpcModule

engineSkeleton.source = horizontalskeleton.txt
engineSkeleton.collisionType = NpcModule
engineSkeleton.connection = mainSkeleton.lower

gunSkeleton.source = horizontalskeleton.txt
gunSkeleton.collisionType = NpcModule
gunSkeleton.connection = mainSkeleton.upper

leftEngine.source = engine.txt
leftEngine.connection = engineSkeleton.left
leftEngine.control = flocker
leftEngine.collisionType = NpcModule
leftEngine.health = 5.0

rightEngine.source = engine.txt
rightEngine.connection = engineSkeleton.right
rightEngine.control = flocker
rightEngine.collisionType = NpcModule
rightEngine.health = 5.0

leftGun.source = cannon.txt
leftGun.connection = gunSkeleton.left
leftGun.control = aigunner
leftGun.collisionType = NpcModule
leftGun.health = 5.0

rightGun.source = cannon.txt
rightGun.connection = gunSkeleton.right
rightGun.control = aigunner
rightGun.collisionType = NpcModule
rightGun.health = 5.0